Senior product manager


About the job
Skello is a European company with one mission: reinvent shifted work through a collaborative solution which enables teams to better anticipate, organize and communicate.


In short, Skello is a workforce management solution for shift based workplaces that enables teams to tackle the hassle of complex scheduling. For managers, Skello optimizes work organization by helping them to make the best decisions in managing their staff costs. For employees, our tool facilitates easy and open communication and simplifies daily life.


Skello’s ambition is to be the number one solution for shifted work teams in Europe. To achieve this, Skello raised a €40M Series B round of financing from expert funds in the field (Partech, Aglaé Ventures & XAnge) in order to bring ever more value to our clients through new features and to open up new markets, beyond our historic industries such as hospitality, retail and health.


Context



The aim of Skello's Product team is to design and create the product that best meets our customers' needs. This division is made up of different areas of expertise: Product Managers, Product Marketing Managers and Product Designers.


Created in the early days of Skello, the Product Management team continues to develop and structure itself. Its mission is to guarantee the product roadmap and the prioritisation of each feature we develop.


We're looking for a talented and experienced Product Manager to join our team and help us develop Skello as a product-led company. The ideal candidate will have an in-depth knowledge of user experience and product-led methodologies, as well as successful experience in managing B2C or B2B products.


Missions



As a Senior Product Manager at Skello, you'll be responsible for the evolution, optimisation and innovation of Skello's product. You will need to work closely with all the other teams (Tech, Sales, CSM, Marketing, Ops..).


 Conduct user research, gather feedback on the product, in collaboration with the sales team and CSM, to ensure Skello continues to meet customer needs
 Transform your roadmap into a backlog of user stories and plan developments in collaboration with the developers and designer in your team (impact team)
 Managing the roadmap: capturing work from a wide range of contributions, understanding and prioritising each insight so that you always work on the most impactful projects
 Preparing sprints, writing User Stories and managing the smooth running of sprints on a daily basis to maintain the cohesion of the technical team around the product
 Actively participate in Skello's product strategy and own your roadmap in line with KPIs and product objectives
 Measuring the impact of new features and analysing their use, in order to constantly optimise the product
 Embody the product vision and ambition of our technical/product team




Qualifications



 4+ years' experience in Product Management, with a focus on B2C or B2B product development
 Strong understanding of product-led methodologies and user experience design principles
 Excellent communication, collaboration and leadership skills, with the ability to work, motivate and inspire effectively in a cross-functional team environment
 Proven experience in launching and managing product-led initiatives that drive user engagement, retention and growth
 Strong analytical skills and ability to use data to make informed decisions
 Fluency in Spanish and English is mandatory, French is a plus




Process



 Discovery call (20 min) with Laura (Product Manager)
 First "Technical" interview (45 min) with Caroline (Lead Product manager)
 Live use case in our offices in Barcelona with Laura and Ariane (VP Product)
 Third interview "Vision" (30 min) with Quitterie (CEO)
 Reference check and offer




Benefits



We believe in the well-being and development of our employees at work.


We therefore offer everyone :


 23 days paid holiday and 5 days off (our VRD: Very Relaxing Day)
 A meal ticket card Sodexo (50% paid by the employer)
 Optional health insurance (Alan)
 A remote policy (1 day per week)
 Customised onboarding and a continuous training budget
 Offices in the heart of Barcelona